golangci-lint how to (#294)
massalabs/thyra: README.md

For go code, we use the formatter included in <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=golang.go>.

> ### golangci-lint
> - golangci-lint is used to run linters in parallel.. We recommend to [install](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/install/) it locally and run it on your source code, before pushing any modification, otherwise some potential lint errors will be catched by the pipeline.
> - to run golangci-lint locally : `golangci-lint run <Path>`
> #### How to reseolve golangci-lint recurring errors ?
> - File is not `gofumpt`
> gofumpt need to be installed locally `go install mvdan.cc/gofumpt@latest`
> run gofumpt locally on your source code `gofumpt -l -w .`
> - File is not `gci`
> gci need to be installed locally `go install github.com/daixiang0/gci@latest`
> run gofumpt locally on your source code `gci -write <path>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### golangci-lint

- golangci-lint is used to run linters in parallel.. We recommend to [install](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/install/) it locally and run it on your source code, before pushing any modification, otherwise some potential lint errors will be catched by the pipeline.
- to run golangci-lint locally : `golangci-lint run .`

#### How to resolve golangci-lint recurring errors ?

- File is not `gofumpt`

gofumpt need to be installed locally `go install mvdan.cc/gofumpt@latest`

run gofumpt locally on your source code `gofumpt -l -w .`

- File is not `gci`

gci need to be installed locally `go install github.com/daixiang0/gci@latest`

run gofumpt locally on your source code `gci --write .`
```
